A real world nutrition problem that I
hear about all the time is how do I eat
at McDonald's and stay healthy at the
same time? Now, I mean, I think I get
this question because McDonald's
locations are in a lot of places.
[Music]
Hi, my name is John Jquish. I am a
doctor of biomedical engineering. I
comment on all things physiology,
fitness, and health related. A lot of
time I talk about nutrition, and that's
what I'm going to be covering today. A
realworld nutrition problem that I hear
about all the time is how do I eat at
McDonald's and stay healthy at the same
time? Now, I mean, I think I get this
question because McDonald's locations
are in a lot of places. They do serve
edible food. I can confirm that they do
that. Uh, not everything there is toxic
crap. Most things there are toxic crap.
But here's what I do. General comments
about nutrition. I take three doses of
foragen a day. It's essential amino
acid. So that I basically get the
equivalent of 150 gram of protein from
that. very low calorie impact and I'm
getting the best most usable form of
protein in essential amino acids. So
basically the proteins are assembled
once it's in your body but the essential
amino acids are the amino acids that
your body cannot make on their own. The
rest of them makes on on their own. So
that's the best approach to protein.
This particular one was originally
developed as a treatment for muscle
wasting associated with the cancer
treatments, both radiation and
chemotherapy. So very powerful and you
want that in your diet because you want
a high level of protein to ensure that
you're replicating cells as proficiently
as possible. you're able to synthesize
protein for muscular growth, assuming
you are training and training properly
and stimulating muscular growth, but you
need some real food because the other
amino acids have to be made out of
something. So, you can't just live off
of supplements. You need to eat some
real food. So, when going to McDonald's,
what do you do? Almost everything there
is bad for lots of different reasons.
The bread has it's even worse than
regular bread cuz there's some
preservatives in there and there's
glyphosate in the in the bread because
it was sprayed on the uh the wheat grain
that was used to make the flour. Ketchup
is has high fructose corn syrup in it
and you don't want that either. So, you
don't want ketchup. Not sure if there's
anything wrong with their mustard but I
avoid it. Uh, obviously their fries are
currently being cooked in vegetable oil,
which I try and avoid, and I think you
should try and avoid that, too. And
plus, it's just starch, so there's like
no nutrition value there at all. Yeah, I
know they're good, but wait to have a
French fry until they go back to cooking
them in beef tallow, which they probably
will according to what RFK Jr. has been
saying. Now, when you walk into
McDonald's, there's a little bit of a
problem because some of the staff won't
necessarily understand what you're
trying to do uh in eating a high
performance type of diet. That's not
really what they're used to. And they
have a keypad that really just has
pictures of the burgers or the fries or
whatever else they they serve. So,
they're not always great at deciding
what you need based on, you know, you're
walking in and you're a low carb eater
and you just want the high quality
protein, you don't want any of that
other stuff. So, if they all understood
what was going on and you walked in, you
say, "I just want a stack of beef
patties, quarter pound beef patties."
That'd be great. very often they don't
really understand what you're asking and
sometimes they say no because they're
lazy or they don't have a button for
that. Sometimes they say no because
they're just fit shaming. Fit shaming is
when somebody is behind a counter at a
restaurant or even I I get this the TSA
uh when somebody's they're not in shape
and they hate people who are in shape
and therefore you when you're traveling
with like a supplement in your in your
carry-on for example, they they don't
want to let you through with it. They
want to force you to throw it away
because they just don't like you cuz
you're in shape. Uh it happens. It's
unfortunate and you bump into these
people from time to time. So, what I
tend to do is I say, "Give me, you know,
like a double quarter pounder or maybe
two of them." So, that ends up being a
pound cuz it's four quarter pounders
with with no sauce. So, no sauce and no
cheese. So, basically, you get it and
then you just throw the bun away and you
got four beef patties. Now, I know what
you're thinking. You're going to say,
"But the beef patties aren't real beef.
It's some chemical crap. That's not
true. So, McDonald's has been beat up on
by the nutrition press for a lot of
different reasons. Some of the reasons
are justified, but the meat they get is
100% beef. And they put that right right
in their marketing. And if they put it
in their marketing and it was a lie,
they would be in trouble. It's not a
lie. It really is 100% beef. typically
grass-fed for most of its life. Maybe
cornfed right before it gets processed
and becomes your ground beef, which
becomes the burger. So, not the worst
thing. Also, not the best thing. It's
obviously better to have a grass-fed
steaks, but those aren't at airports,
and sometimes a McDonald's location is.
So, I think the go-to is those beef
patties. If you're trying to get a
little bit leaner than the standard beef
patty, which is kind of like one one
gram to one gram per portion, like for
every gram of protein, you're getting a
gram of fat. If you want to go lower
fats, the grilled chicken sandwich,
that's another good one. And again, just
throw all the vegetables and bun away
and then it's a it's a chicken breast.
So, can't go wrong with that. and it
enables you to be very flexible with
your travel and still get in your
nutrition. And that's that's all you
need to know for McDonald's. If this
video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people, especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights. We've
got the answer for you.